# Playwright Reporters:

- If you don't specify a reporter when executing your tests, the default reporter used is `list`. Therefore, a HTML report is not generated by default.
- Here are the various reporters that PlayWright offers out-of-the-box:
  - `--reporter=line` - Displays 1 line that's updated for each test _(browser, test name, status, duration)_.
  - `--reporter=list` - Lists out each test _(browser, test name, status, duration)_.
  - `--reporter=dot` - Displays a green dot or red 'F' for each test result.
  - `--reporter=junit` - Generates test results in XML format which can be consumed by CI/CD systems or reporting tools, allowing for easy integration with other test frameworks.
  - `--reporter=html` - Generates a detailed HTML test report _(summary of the test run including test case results, status, duration, error details, etc.)_ in the `playwright-report` folder

# Professional Custom Reporting:

- Related files: [reporter.ts](reporter.ts) & [test-results.json](test-results.json)
- As mentioned previously, Playwright comes with some built-in reporting tools.
- However, some companies like to take the test results _(in JSON format)_ & plug that into their own tools.
- Therefore, we created [reporter.ts](reporter.ts) in this project which generates a custom JSON report of the test run. This JSON can then be fed into other tools to generate test reports.
- To use this reporter, run `npx playwright test --reporter=reporter.ts`
- After running this command, the test results can be found in [test-results.json](test-results.json) in the root directory.
- **_Issue: A major issue with the current implementation of reporter.ts is that - if you run 10 tests with the above command, each test overwrites the previous one's results. so I need to see how we can stop that._**
- **_This issue is not the case when using the default Playwright reporters, so I think we should stick to those for now_**
